okay so we're gonna do a brass third eye
meditation so I'm gonna teach you guys
start integrating stuff okay so it's
kind of weird but we're gonna do it okay
so sit up straight your back should be
straight okay good okay
then I want y'all to close your eyes so
we're gonna ring the bell to start to
signal the start of the practice and end
of the practice okay
so close your eyes I'll teach you guys
what the practice is go and blow your
nose if you need to and then start by
noticing the temperature of your breath
you can lie down on your back notice the
temperature of your breath how is the
temperature from inhalation different
from exhalation
you
and now where do you feel that coldness
we're in your nose do you feel it the
tip of your nose in the middle of your
nose towards the top of your nose in the
back of your throat
check each area put your full attention
on the tip of your nose
and then the middle of your nose and
then the top of your nose the bridge of
your nose with three separate breaths so
at the first breath tip of the nose
you
second breath middle of a nose
third breath top of the nose
you
and now focus on the back of your throat
can you feel the coolness there
you
focus on the bottom of your throat
your chest
you
your belly
and now focus on your eyebrow Center
try to feel the cool air as it enters
your nose and travels up to your
eyebrows Center
your forehead
push that air up into that area
or pull it towards the eyebrow Center
and put your attention there with each
breath feel the coolness travel up with
each exhalation feel the warmth leave
you
try the eyebrow Center for five breaths
if you guys are having trouble with that
part no problem just all of the breath
where it goes
you
now we'll practice for about one minute
follow the coolness of the Bradfield
mmm night it out see how far the breath
will go
if it goes to the eyebrow Center
fantastic if it doesn't no problem it
goes to your throat your chest perfectly
fine
you
let's go ahead and come back
thank you for the sobs fluid soul and
thank you for the donations guys
okay
you
so we're gonna talk about porn addiction
at some point okay good
I just sorry I just hot question so I'm
just watching chat and I'm seeing so it
sounds like some of y'all are doing
something productive so that's great
sorry my mind is a little bit blank so
I'm having trouble keeping up with
what's happening okay okay let me just
try to recap okay so let's talk about
meditation for a second sorry about the
porn addiction comment someone was like
I've been getting a lot of questions
recently about porn addiction so let's
talk about this so number one just feel
what you're feeling crap I can't I'm
watching some of my students the
dreadful last time you good thinking you
think okay yeah so derpy det David was
saying that he's been watching the
stream and reckful and it's close to
home it's been helpful fantastic that's
what we're here for
we're here to help let's talk about
meditation for a second
blurry stopping blur okay so remember
the goal of when you meditate don't I
offer certain directions that you can go
in but you don't have to necessarily go
in those directions so for some people
I'm trying to like accelerate things by
suggesting things and if you feel
something great if you don't feel
something that's okay too
we're gonna find a technique for you at
some point we're gonna find techniques
for everyone that's the goal the next
thing is I have homework for y'all so if
you guys like this technique which is
essentially noticing where within your
body that the temperature of the breath
goes that's the summation of the
technique feel the temperature feel
where it goes I know it's out of focus I
don't know what to do about this thing
there we go
it's that better okay nope it's like
it's only in focus over here for some
reason all right so now what I want you
guys to do in terms of homework is do
this practice and see where within your
body do this practice for a week see
where within your body that you can feel
the temperature change okay and then I'm
gonna ask you guys some questions about
it
because some of its could be weird do it
every day every day for one week do it
for like five minutes see where the
temperature goes so the way that you do
that is you pick a spot like you may
have felt it initially just at the tip
of your nose so you feel where do you
feel it and then you move a little bit
further and move a little bit further
move a little bit lower move a little
bit lower move a little bit lower move a
little bit lower and then you sense
right so you you put the attention of
your mind on a particular spot and you
see what you can feel there and then
don't let your mind get in the way if
Alice is watching Alice should really do
this technique and not let his mind get
in the way because we're gonna teach LS
how to step outside of his mind and if
his mind gets in the way he'll fail if
he doesn't his if he doesn't let his
mind get in the way he will succeed and
if he succeeds we will know based on his
answer if he fails we will see based on
his answer oh my I was feeling the
coldness near my eyebrow but I stopped
and wanted to do it and my focus way
back crap I can't read all that okay all
right back and forth during the middle
of it and the coldness went down the
back to the middle of my nose instead
yeah so that's great whatever happened
is fine just keep doing it okay just
keep doing it yeah and so also you guys
I don't know you all should check out
Alice a stream
apparently he's really good at soloqueue
and coaches people and yeah so closing
thoughts questions let me just check our
question log real quick and see if
there's anything that
okay so here's a question is it possible
to grow up without a Dharma the answer
is absolutely yes most people grow up
without a Parma so you have a Dharma
growing up to like usually be a student
or be a child or something like that so
I think the first stage of your life the
first 25 years of your life should be
spent primarily on learning that doesn't
mean that you're like a formal student
doesn't mean that you don't have a job
it means that you should be learning
about yourself so I think in a weird way
if you are coming and watching the
stream that is actually fulfilling your
autonomy because you're learning about
yourself that's why it feels good a lot
of you guys think about this for a
second people stay up till like 5:00
a.m. to watch the stream why is that
that sucks it's because you're doing it
for your Dharma right so like you're
doing it to better yourself you're doing
it to become the person that you need to
be which is like great because that's
your tournament right now
so that's awesome okay where do you
start if you're depressed but you have
no reason for it nothing went wrong in
your life how do you address that
beautiful that's internal mine okay so
from a clinical perspective sometimes
people have a biological depression
which means what I mean by that is that
they don't have any triggering event
they just have some neuro chemistry
thing where they're like their life is
fantastic and they start to get
depressed for no reason whatsoever so
that happens that's true major
depressive disorder has to do with the
chemical imbalance maybe has to do with
low thyroid hormone as someone mentioned
you should go see a doctor if that
happened to you
but there is a difference between
clinical depression and unhappiness and
if everything is going well in your life
and you still feel sad and it's not
episodic and you're just unhappy because
you feel even though you're checking all
the boxes you feel empty on the inside
that is a lack of Dharma
doesn't mean that you can't be diagnosed
with depression doesn't mean that you
shouldn't you should probably just get
evaluated for depression by a clinician
but it also means that there's a
difference between depression and
unhappiness and if you're unhappy if
you're feeling unfulfilled finding your
tarma is gonna do it for you
so it doesn't always mean that
depression comes from something
traumatic or something like that that's
not always the case okay
ah this is great I feel like my Dharma
is to create something but I don't know
what it is yet what do I do to start
looking for something specific beautiful
great question so you guys are know like
in like heroes stories and like RPGs and
stuff like people train really hard and
then the final boss like then the cat
catastrophe sort of happens like like
you can think about Harry Potter or
something right there like learning how
to be Wizards and then
like that Voldemort shows up there's the
training arc yeah so what you guys need
to understand is somebody all maybe in
your training arc and that's what you
should do so I'll give you guys a very
like simple example from my own life so
one day when I decided I was going to
become a psychiatrist
the first thing that actually happened
was panic because I realized that like
his medical school was ending like I
wouldn't get trained anymore in like
real medicine I was gonna be like
talking to people about their feelings I
wasn't gonna know how to fix heart
attacks like I was like you know you
know you deal with heart attacks and
stuff strokes pneumonias things like
that like rashes like how do you know if
something is skin cancer or just rash
like all this kind of stuff so I started
to get really really scared because
after six months of intern year like I
wasn't gonna be dealing with anything
physical anymore that was it like I was
gonna get six months of training in
internal medicine in dealing with
diabetes and more em eyes and all that
kind of stuff and then I was done like
that was it and then I had this thought
and this actually happened to me and I
told the story that you know one day I'm
gonna be on an airplane and they're
gonna they're gonna like the the air
hostess or whatever is gonna say is
there a doctor on board we have a
medical emergency and then in that
moment
I was gonna have to decide like am I
gonna hit the call button and like be
the doctor and then I got scared because
I was like what if like a decade from
now I haven't like the last time I saw
someone who was physically ill was like
a decade ago and they're like is there a
doctor on the plane like do I even count
like does that do I hit the call button
or do I not hit the call button so then
I realized that I have six months to
learn as much as I he manely can about
physical medicine because after that
it's like 40 years of like not knowing
[ __ ] about anything physical so I
studied my ass off and I spent a lot of
time at the hospital and I tried to like
really learn as much as I could because
that's my training arc and then the
final boss is gonna show up and then
it's like game time so if you don't know
what your dharma is and if you feel like
you should create something I work with
a lot of people individually who have
that exact same feeling these are people
who are in private equity firms are like
working in companies or like investment
bankers or physicians who feel like
they're supposed to do something greater
than like what they're doing day to day
and so what I tell you is that that day
will come that should not comfort you
that should terrify you and the question
is are you gonna be ready you're gonna
get your opportunity because if that's
your Karma it's gonna happen and then
you're either gonna be able to do it or
you're not going to be able to do it
so I'll give you guys another very
simple example I show up on stream here
three times a week I've never met the
person don't know who this person is
don't know what's going on with them
right and like I'm supposed to help that
person like what on earth can I possibly
know that is gonna help some random
person from the internet like I have no
idea
right there are 3,000 people watching
right now and like I have to do
something that satisfies or helps 3000
people plus the person that I'm talking
to I have no idea like what that's gonna
look like I don't know what I'm getting
myself into I have no idea like I have
no idea there's a little part of me
that's terrified every time I come on
stream because how am I gonna help this
person I don't know but it works because
before that I realized at some points in
my life someone is gonna show up and I'm
gonna have to help them so whenever I
read a book whenever I meditate myself
whenever I like study things whenever I
read things like today I read like a
psychoanalyst doing an AMA on reddit and
like paid attention to what he was
saying and thought about it so like as
you go through life you recognize that
you're preparing yourself for that thing
when it's going to come you don't know
what it is it could be you may have to
pull someone out of a car that has been
like crashed and you may have you may
need the physical strength to like open
a piece of metal that has been wedged
and whether you do it or not depends on
your physical like ability which means
you have to get in shape because
otherwise that person could die it may
be like creating a product or saving the
world through like climate change or
inventing a new solar panel and maybe
helping an individual person it may be
creating a video game that keeps someone
from killing themselves because they're
depressed and at least there's some game
that gives people a sense of community
like I have no idea what it is
but you guys should be terrified
you should be terrified and if you don't
know what your Dharma is prepare prepare
in every way possible it doesn't matter
what your term is you're gonna need to
be in good physical shape because
ultimately your capacity to your Dharma
depends on your physical capability so
treat your body well and treat your mind
well because whether you rise to the
challenge it depends on like what you
are right study study what you can about
yourself if you have a general direction
like if you feel like you want to write
a book then like learn about writing if
you feel like you want to create an app
and that's what interests you then like
take courses online like check out Khan
Academy or like do Google certifications
on analytics like I don't care what it
is just study and learn and prepare for
that day that you are going to need to
do the thing if you think you missed
your chance you're wrong you missed a
chance that's part of your karma the
missed chance is the thing that teaches
you hey man this is legit so you better
get your ass ready for the next one
there is no such thing as a missed
chance a missed chance doesn't mean that
you're not gonna have more chances in
the future like I want you guys to
understand this very clearly if you
think that you've missed the boat you
didn't miss the boat like if I'm working
in the emergency room and someone comes
in and I don't recognize they have a
heart attack and they die that doesn't
mean that someone else isn't gonna come
in an hour from now missing the boat is
not like a one time thing
donger McCall's again and again and
again and again and again
and you can fail again and again and
again and again and again so time to get
your ass into gear prepare prepare
prepare miss the fortnight bus hey guys
I don't know if you guys realize this
but like fortnight is not gonna be the
biggest game for the history of humanity
even in your lifetimes like maybe even
in a year or two there's gonna be
another game that's gonna be bigger than
fortnight huh did that you missed the
fortnight bus oh my god that's the last
game eSports is over now you missed your
chance to be a stream or it's done like
it's almost like you guys are saying
like okay I miss my chance to be like a
fortnight's streamer like imagine a
world where on Twitch people became
successful streamers doing things
besides playing video games like talking
to people about their feelings so
prepare yourself you have no idea what
the world will demand of you you have no
idea prepare